<div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="slide" id="slide_help">
    <h1>Help</h1>
    <div class="bodyregion">
        <div class="full">
            <p>
                Welcome to XSlides.
            </p>
            <h2>Key Strokes</h2>
            <p>Design Notes:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Key Strokes applicable from PowerPoint and from VI Improved work as expected.</li>
                <li>Your Logitech Cordless Presenter and similar tools work, too.</li>
            </ul>
            <h3>Normal Key Strokes</h3>
            <table class="lnice">
                <tr><th>Function</th><th>Keys</th></tr>
                <tr><td>Help</td><td>F1, ?</td></tr>
                <tr><td>Next Slide</td><td>Page Down, Cursor Down, Cursor Right, j, l, n, Return, Enter, Space, Mouse Button 1 (Left Mouse Button)</td></tr>
                <tr><td>Previous Slide</td><td>Page Up, Cursor Left, Cursor Up, h, k, p, Backspace</td></tr>
                <tr><td>First Slide</td><td>Pos1, g</td></tr>
                <tr><td>Last Slide</td><td>End, G</td></tr>
                <tr><td>Blank Slide</td><td>.</td></tr>
                <tr><td>Black Screen</td><td>b</td></tr>
                <tr><td>White Screen</td><td>w</td></tr>
                <tr><td>Reload</td><td>Press F5 twice</td></tr>
                <tr><td>Enable Command Line</td><td>F5, :</td></tr>
            </table>
            <h3>Commands to type in Command Line</h3>
            <table class="lnice">
                <tr><th>Command</th><th>Function</th></tr>
                <tr><td>Number (i.e. 15)</td><td>Goto the slide with that number (i.e. goto slide 15).</td></tr>
                <tr><td>+Number (i.e. +3)</td><td>Go number slides forward (i.e. go 3 slides forward).</td></tr>
                <tr><td>-Number (i.e. -3)</td><td>Go number slides backward (i.e. go 3 slides backward).</td></tr>
                <tr><td>n, next</td><td>Next Slide</td></tr>
                <tr><td>prev, previous</td><td>Previous Slide</td></tr>
                <tr><td>fir, first</td><td>Goto first slide</td></tr>
                <tr><td>la, last</td><td>Goto last slide</td></tr>
                <tr><td>e, F5</td><td>Reload</td></tr>
            </table>
            <h2>Mouse Wheel Support</h2>
            <ul>
                <li>In Opera, the Mouse Wheel works perfect. If the wheel can scroll, it scrolls, otherwise it changes the current slide.</li>
                <li>In Chrome, the wheel works near perfect. It scrolls / changes slides as expected, but a new slide always has divs scrolled to top instead of remembering the last scroll position.</li>
                <li>In Internet Explorer, the wheel only changes slides.</li>
                <li>In Firefox, the wheel doesn't work at all.</li>
            </ul>
            <h2>Tested Versions</h2>
            <dl>
                <!-- TODO check processing instructions -->
                <!-- TODO test directory structure -->
                <!-- TODO check mouse wheel with overflow -->
                <dt>Google Chrome</dt>
                <dd>Tested versions: 12.0.742.100, 31.0.1650.57 and various versions in between</dd>
                <dd>Works perfect for the generated output, including animated SVG. Directly processing XML requires all stuff to be in the same directory.</dd>
                <dt>Konqueror</dt>
                <dd>Tested version: 4.11.2</dd>
                <dd>Works perfect for the generated output, including animated SVG and direct processing of XML.</dd>
                <dt>Microsoft Internet Explorer</dt>
                <dd>Tested versions: 8.0.6001.18702 and some newer versions. All versions work but with lots of flaws. Internet Explorer simply is shit and I cannot recommend using it.</dd>
                <dt>Mozilla Firefox</dt>
                <dd>Tested versions: 4.0, 25.0 and various versions in between.</dd>
                <dd>Works well for generated output, SVG has limitations. Directly processing XML requires all stuff to be in the same directory.</dd>
                <dt>Seamonkey</dt>
                <dd>Tested version: 2.23</dd>
                <dd>SVG has limitations and most keys do not work. Directly processing XML requires all stuff to be in the same directory.</dd>
                <dt>Opera</dt>
                <dd>Tested version: 12.15 </dd>
                <dd>Works well for generated output, SVG has limitations. Directly processing XML requires all stuff to be in the same directory.</dd>
            </dl>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
